W-12364155 dw system properties v25 duke (#217)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-system-properties.adoc

= DataWeave System Properties

> DataWeave supports several system properties. To use these properties in application development and deployments, see xref:mule-runtime:mule-app-properties-system.adoc[System Properties].

Author: We need to add something about the compatibility flags here and link out to the new versioning doc.

Author: Do _all_ the properties that are compatibility flags have "Available for language levels:" versions listed? Asking bc we say that they will expire at some point, but could any of the new properties become compatibility flags in the future? If so, how could we know when those would expire. Maybe I'm overthinking it?

DataWeave supports several system properties. To use these properties in application development and deployments, see xref:mule-runtime::mule-app-properties-system.adoc[System Properties].

DataWeave supports several system properties. To use these properties in application development and deployments, see xref:mule-runtime:mule-app-properties-system.adoc[System Properties].
[%header%autowidth.spread,cols=",a"]
|===
|Property |Description

> 

Author: looks like com.mulesoft.dw.buffer.memory.monitoring was removed in 2.5?

Author: @andres-rad Was that property ever in 2.4? Should I also remove it from the 2.4 docs? https://docs.mulesoft.com/dataweave/2.4/dataweave-system-properties

Author: asked for details on channel

Author: Removed Feb 2021 in 2.4 per Andres

Author: TODO: update 2.4 docs about removal

Author: was never released in v2.4, so removing from v2.4 via https://github.com/mulesoft/docs-dataweave/pull/234

> Controls whether an internal BufferedCharSequence improvement is enabled or disabled. When this property is set to `true`, DataWeaves avoid load large fields (bigger than 1.5M) into memory. This fields are read by chunk. This feature introduces a performance reduction preventing an Out of Memory error.

Author: small issues need to be fixed in the dw source file. see commit suggestions.

> Controls whether an internal BufferedCharSequence improvement is enabled or disabled. When this property is set to `true`, DataWeaves avoid load large fields (bigger than 1.5M) into memory. This fields are read by chunk. This feature introduces a performance reduction preventing an Out of Memory error.

Author: ```suggestion
Controls whether an internal `BufferedCharSequence` improvement is enabled or disabled. When this property is set to `true`, DataWeave avoids loading large fields (greater than 1.5M) into memory. These fields are read in chunks. This feature reduces performance to prevent an out-of-memory error.
```

Author: added to master

//com.mulesoft.dw.buffersize//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.buffersize`|

> Sets the size (in bytes) of in-memory input and output buffers that DataWeave uses to retain processed inputs and outputs.

Author: ```suggestion
Sets the size (in bytes) of in-memory input and output buffers that DataWeave uses to retain processed inputs and outputs. DataWeave stores payloads that exceed this size in temporary files `dw-buffer-index-${count}.tmp` and `dw-buffer-output-${count}.tmp`.
See xref:dataweave-memory-management.adoc[DataWeave Memory Management].
```

Author: the addition is needed in the dw source file

Author: added to master

> * Type: `Integer`

Author: Ok, changing manually

> * Default: `8192`

Author: ```suggestion
* Default: `8192` bytes (8 KB)
```

Author: changing manually

//com.mulesoft.dw.coercionexception.verbose//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.coercionexception.verbose`|
By default, adds to coercion exceptions more information about data that fails to coerce. When this property is set to `false`, DataWeave does not display the additional metadata.
* Type: `Boolean`
* Default: `true`

> //com.mulesoft.dw.cpulimit.watchdog//

Author: ```suggestion

//com.mulesoft.dw.cpulimit.watchdog//
```

Author: very likely need a blank line before each new row, will test

Author: changing manually.

TODO: create DW story for this change

|`com.mulesoft.dw.cpulimit.watchdog`|

> When set, script execution time is monitored and limited

Author: Needs more detailed. Where is is monitored? How do you discover that? And how/how much is the time limited?

Author: And what happens when you set it to false? Who uses this?

Author: TODO: ask on dw channel

Author: asked on channel

Author: edited in source, but still need more detail

Controls whether an internal `BufferedCharSequence` improvement is enabled or disabled. When this property is set to `true`, DataWeave does not load large fields (greater than 1.5M) into memory. DataWeave reads these fields by chunk. This feature reduces performance to prevent an out-of-memory error.
* Type: `Boolean`
* Default: `true`
//com.mulesoft.dw.buffersize//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.buffersize`|
Sets the size (in bytes) of in-memory input and output buffers that DataWeave uses to retain processed inputs and outputs. DataWeave stores payloads that exceed this size in temporary files `dw-buffer-index-${count}.tmp` and `dw-buffer-output-${count}.tmp`.
See xref:dataweave-memory-management.adoc[DataWeave Memory Management].
* Type: `Number` (in bytes)
* Default: `8192` bytes (8 KB)
//com.mulesoft.dw.coercionexception.verbose//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.coercionexception.verbose`|
By default, adds to coercion exceptions more information about data that fails to coerce. When this property is set to `false`, DataWeave does not display the additional metadata.
* Type: `Boolean`
* Default: `true`

//com.mulesoft.dw.cpulimit.watchdog//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.cpulimit.watchdog`|

> When set, script execution time is monitored and limited

Author: Need more detail. See below.

```suggestion
Monitors and limits script execution time when set to `true`.
```

----
* In DataWeave 2.3.0, the expression returns `PT8952H`.
* In DataWeave 2.2.0, the expression returns `P1Y8D`.

> * Type: `Boolean`

Author: The type and default bullets are in the wrong place. Needs to be fixed in the source.

Author: @andres-rad yes, before the example.

Author: fixed in PR

> * Default: `false`

Author: need to move bullet to original position.

Available for language levels: 2.3, 2.4

> //com.mulesoft.dw.decode_binaries_with_writer_encoding//

Author: ```suggestion

//com.mulesoft.dw.decode_binaries_with_writer_encoding//
```

|`com.mulesoft.dw.decode_binaries_with_writer_encoding`|

> If set, then binary values in json are written using JsonWriter encoding, otherwise it will use either the encoding defined in the value schema or the default one.

Author: Need more detail. What encoding does the JsonWriter use? And are we talking about the DataWeave's JSON writer? 

Re "If set," if the property is always set, either by default or explicitly, it is  more clear to say, "When this property is set to `true`," so there is no possible way to confuse what is meant.

Author: asked for detail on channel

> * Type: `Boolean`

Author: ```suggestion

* Type: `Boolean`
```

Author: always need a line break before first bullet so that bullets render properly in HTML.

Author: fixed manually in PR

* Default: `false`
//com.mulesoft.dw.directbuffer.disable//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.directbuffer.disable`|
Controls whether DataWeave uses off-heap memory (the default) or heap memory. DataWeave uses off-heap memory for internal buffering, which can cause issues on systems that have only a small amount of memory. See xref:dataweave-memory-management.adoc[DataWeave Memory Management].
* Type: `Boolean`
* Default: `false`
//com.mulesoft.dw.dump_files//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.dump_files`|

> _Experimental:_ Dumps the input context and the failing script into a folder when this property is set to true. This behavior enables you to track the failing script and the data that makes the script fail, which is particularly useful for verifying that the received input data is valid. Incorrect scripts often fail when an upstream component generates invalid data.

Author: ```suggestion
_Experimental:_ Dumps the input context and the failing script into a folder when this property is set to `true`. This behavior enables you to track the failing script and the data that makes the script fail, which is particularly useful for verifying that the received input data is valid. Incorrect scripts often fail when an upstream component generates invalid data.
```

Author: need to update the source code with this small fix

Author: added to master

* Type: `Boolean`
* Default: `false`
`com.mulesoft.dw.dump_files` is an _experimental feature_ that is subject to change or removal from future versions of DataWeave. See xref:dataweave-troubleshoot.adoc[Troubleshooting a Failing DataWeave Script].

> //com.mulesoft.dw.dump_folder//

Author: need to restore blank lines above the rows, as mentioned previously

Author: fixed formatting manually

|`com.mulesoft.dw.dump_folder`|
_Experimental:_ Specifies the path in which to dump files when `com.mulesoft.dw.dump_files` is set to `true`.
* Type: `String`

> * Default: `/var/folders/8f/5jqs1kh97k16dzsmxxph2m5c0000gp/T`

Author: ok, thx

@andres-rad is the 2.4 doc correct for the default? 

> Default: `java.io.tmpdir` (system property value)

> * Default: `/var/folders/8f/5jqs1kh97k16dzsmxxph2m5c0000gp/T`

Author: ```suggestion
* Default: `java.io.tmpdir` (system property value)
```

> * Default: `/var/folders/8f/5jqs1kh97k16dzsmxxph2m5c0000gp/T`

Author: asked on channel

* Default: `false`

`com.mulesoft.dw.dump_files` is an _experimental feature_ that is subject to change or removal from future versions of DataWeave. See xref:dataweave-troubleshoot.adoc[Troubleshooting a Failing DataWeave Script].

//com.mulesoft.dw.dump_folder//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.dump_folder`|
_Experimental:_ Specifies the path in which to dump files when `com.mulesoft.dw.dump_files` is set to `true`.

* Type: `String`
* Default: `java.io.tmpdir` (system property value)

* Default: `/var/folders/8f/5jqs1kh97k16dzsmxxph2m5c0000gp/T`
`com.mulesoft.dw.dump_folder` is an _experimental feature_ that is subject to change or removal from future versions of DataWeave. See xref:dataweave-troubleshoot.adoc[Troubleshooting a Failing DataWeave Script].

//com.mulesoft.dw.dumper_fill_stacktrace//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.dumper_fill_stacktrace`|
_Experimental:_ Adds the StackTrace for dumper exceptions when `com.mulesoft.dw.dump_files` is set to `true`.

* Type: `Boolean`
* Default: `false`

`com.mulesoft.dw.dumper_fill_stacktrace` is an _experimental feature_ that is subject to change or removal from future versions of DataWeave.

//com.mulesoft.dw.error_value_length//

> |`com.mulesoft.dw.error_value_length`|

Author: TODO: check whether this was added back to the output. Or add it manually

> |`com.mulesoft.dw.error_value_length`|

Author: send question to channel

> |`com.mulesoft.dw.error_value_length`|

Author: added manually to the PR

> `com.mulesoft.dw.dumper_fill_stacktrace` is an _experimental feature_ that is subject to change or removal from future versions of DataWeave. See xref:dataweave-troubleshoot.adoc[Troubleshooting a Failing DataWeave Script].

Author: ```suggestion
`com.mulesoft.dw.dumper_fill_stacktrace` is an _experimental feature_ that is subject to change or removal from future versions of DataWeave. See xref:dataweave-troubleshoot.adoc[].
```

Author: The titles get auto-filled. Empty brackets are preferred for maintenance purposes in case the title changes. In other cases, where we want to type something other than the title itself for some reason, then we can put text between the brackets.

Author: added to master

> Specifies the depth of the java stacktrace

Author: ```suggestion
Specifies the depth of the Java stack trace.
```

Author: added to master

> * Type: `Integer`

Author: ```suggestion

* Type: `Integer`
```

Author: always need a blank line above the initial bullet

Author: Also The DataWeave type is `Number`, right? Should this be `Number`?

Author: asked on channel (applies globally)

> * Default: `6`

Author: ```suggestion
* Default: `6`

```

Sets the maximum length of exception messages to display to the user. The message is truncated to the maximum length. This setting is useful for avoiding long exception messages.

* Type: `Number`
* Default: `80`

`com.mulesoft.dw.dumper_fill_stacktrace` is an _experimental feature_ that is subject to change or removal from future versions of DataWeave. See xref:dataweave-troubleshoot.adoc[Troubleshooting a Failing DataWeave Script].
//com.mulesoft.dw.indexsize//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.indexsize`|
Sets the maximum size (in bytes) of the page in memory that indexed readers use.

* Type: `Number`
* Default: `1572864` (1.5 MB)

* Type: `Integer`
* Default: `1572864`
//com.mulesoft.dw.java.stacktrace//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.java.stacktrace`|
Specifies the depth of the java stacktrace
* Type: `Integer`
* Default: `6`
//com.mulesoft.dw.max_memory_allocation//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.max_memory_allocation`|
Sets the size (in bytes) of each slot in the off-heap memory pool.

* Type: `Number` (in bytes)
* Default: `1572864` (1.5 MB)

> See xref:dataweave-memory-management.adoc[DataWeave Memory Management].

Author: need to update in the source code and add this to 2.5.

Author: manually updated PR, though since we are saying (in bytes), perhaps we don't need the 1.5 MB beside the default value that's in bytes

Author: added to source

> * Type: `Integer`

Author: ```suggestion

* Type: `Integer`
```

Author: The DataWeave type is `Number`, right? Should this be `Number`?

> * Type: `Integer`

Author: ```suggestion

* Type: `Number`
```

Author: ?

> Specifies the size of DW scheduler thread pool

Author: ```suggestion
Specifies the size of DataWeave scheduler's thread pool.
```

Author: added to master

> * Type: `Integer`

Author: ```suggestion

* Type: `Number`
```

Author: Is this the number of threads in the thread pool? Or some other unit? Need to say what that is.

Author: asked on channel

and Number or Integer, as elsewhere

> Sets the maximum size of the stack. When a function recurses too deeply, DataWeave throws an error, such as Stack Overflow. Max stack is 256.

Author: ```suggestion
Sets the maximum size of the stack. When a function recurses too deeply, DataWeave throws an error, such as Stack Overflow. The maximum size limit is 256.
```

Author: Is 256 the default and the size limit?

Author: added to master

> * Type: `Integer`

Author: ```suggestion

* Type: `Number`
```

> //com.mulesoft.dw.telemetry.bufferSize//

Author: ```suggestion

//com.mulesoft.dw.telemetry.bufferSize//
```

> Determines the size in bytes of the telemetry event buffer

Author: ```suggestion
Determines the size in bytes of the telemetry event buffer. 
```

Author: We should point out to docs on this topic if/once they exist.

> * Type: `Integer`

Author: ```suggestion

* Type: `Number`
```

> //com.mulesoft.dw.telemetry.enabled//

Author: ```suggestion

//com.mulesoft.dw.telemetry.enabled//
```

> Enables Dataweave telemetry service

Author: ```suggestion
Enables the DataWeave telemetry service.
```

> //com.mulesoft.dw.telemetry.memory//

Author: ```suggestion

//com.mulesoft.dw.telemetry.memory//
```

> If set, then the telemetry service will collect memory usage statistics

Author: ```suggestion
The telemetry service collects memory usage statistics when this property is set to `true`. 
```

Author: added to source

> //com.mulesoft.dw.telemetry.sync//

Author: ```suggestion

//com.mulesoft.dw.telemetry.sync//
```

> If set, then telemetry events are published synchronously.

Author: ```suggestion
Telemetry events are published synchronously when this property is set to `true`.
```

Author: added to source

> * Default: `false`

Author: ```suggestion
* Default: `false`

```

Author: fixed formatting

----
* In DataWeave 2.3.0, the expression returns `PT8952H`.
* In DataWeave 2.2.0, the expression returns `P1Y8D`.
* Type: `Boolean`
* Default: `false`
Available for language levels: 2.3, 2.4

//com.mulesoft.dw.decode_binaries_with_writer_encoding//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.decode_binaries_with_writer_encoding`|

> If set, then binary values in json are written using JsonWriter encoding, otherwise it will use either the encoding defined in the value schema or the default one.

Author: ```suggestion
DataWeave writes binary values in JSON using the JSON writer (`JsonWriter`) encoding. Otherwise, DataWeave uses  the encoding defined in the value schema or the default encoding.
```

* Type: `String`
* Default: `/var/folders/8f/5jqs1kh97k16dzsmxxph2m5c0000gp/T`

`com.mulesoft.dw.dump_folder` is an _experimental feature_ that is subject to change or removal from future versions of DataWeave. See xref:dataweave-troubleshoot.adoc[Troubleshooting a Failing DataWeave Script].

//com.mulesoft.dw.dumper_fill_stacktrace//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.dumper_fill_stacktrace`|
_Experimental:_ Adds the StackTrace for dumper exceptions when `com.mulesoft.dw.dump_files` is set to `true`.

* Type: `Boolean`
* Default: `false`

`com.mulesoft.dw.dumper_fill_stacktrace` is an _experimental feature_ that is subject to change or removal from future versions of DataWeave. See xref:dataweave-troubleshoot.adoc[].

//com.mulesoft.dw.indexsize//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.indexsize`|
Sets the maximum size (in bytes) of the page in memory that indexed readers use.

* Type: `Integer`
* Default: `1572864`

//com.mulesoft.dw.java.stacktrace//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.java.stacktrace`|
Specifies the depth of the Java stack trace.

* Type: `Integer`
* Default: `6`

//com.mulesoft.dw.max_memory_allocation//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.max_memory_allocation`|

> Sets the size (in bytes) of each slot in the off-heap memory pool. DataWeave stores payloads that exceed this size in temporary files `dw-buffer-input-${count}.tmp` and `dw-buffer-output-${count}.tmp`.

Author: ```suggestion
Sets the size (in bytes) of each slot in the off-heap memory pool. DataWeave stores payloads that exceed this size in temporary files `dw-buffer-input-${count}.tmp` and `dw-buffer-output-${count}.tmp`. See xref:dataweave-memory-management.adoc[DataWeave Memory Management].
```

* Type: `Integer`
* Default: `6`

//com.mulesoft.dw.max_memory_allocation//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.max_memory_allocation`|
Sets the size (in bytes) of each slot in the off-heap memory pool.
Sets the size (in bytes) of each slot in the off-heap memory pool. DataWeave stores payloads that exceed this size in temporary files `dw-buffer-input-${count}.tmp` and `dw-buffer-output-${count}.tmp`. See xref:dataweave-memory-management.adoc[DataWeave Memory Management].

* Type: `Number` (in bytes)
* Type: `Integer`
* Default: `1572864` (1.5 MB)

See xref:dataweave-memory-management.adoc[DataWeave Memory Management].

//com.mulesoft.dw.memory_pool_size//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.memory_pool_size`|
Sets the number of slots in the memory pool. DataWeave buffers use off-heap memory from a pool, up to a defined size (`com.mulesoft.dw.memory_pool_size` * `com.mulesoft.dw.max_memory_allocation`). DataWeave allocates the remainder using heap memory. See xref:dataweave-memory-management.adoc[DataWeave Memory Management].

* Type: `Number`
* Type: `Integer`
* Default: `60`

//com.mulesoft.dw.scheduler.size//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.scheduler.size`|
Specifies the size of DataWeave scheduler's thread pool.

> //com.mulesoft.dw.multipart.defaultContentType//

Author: asked on channel

* Type: `Number`
* Default: `80`

//com.mulesoft.dw.indexsize//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.indexsize`|
Sets the maximum size (in bytes) of the page in memory that indexed readers use.

* Type: `Number`
* Default: `1572864`

> 

Reviewer: This entry is missing 

```suggestion

//com.mulesoft.dw.javaSqlDateToDate//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.javaSqlDateToDate`|

When set, java.sql.Date is mapped to DW Date type. If false it is mapped to DateTime

* Type: `Boolean`

* Default: `false`

Available for language levels: 2.4, 2.5

```

* Type: `Number`
* Default: `80`

//com.mulesoft.dw.indexsize//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.indexsize`|
Sets the maximum size (in bytes) of the page in memory that indexed readers use.

* Type: `Number`
* Default: `1572864`

//com.mulesoft.dw.javaSqlDateToDate//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.javaSqlDateToDate`|

> When set, java.sql.Date is mapped to DW Date type. If false it is mapped to DateTime

Author: ```suggestion
When set, `java.sql.Date` maps to the DataWeave `Date` type. If `false`, it maps to `DateTime`.
```

    shokis: payload.root.users.*user map $.name
}
----

> * If `com.mulesoft.dw.valueSelector.selectsAlwaysFirst` is set to `true`, the script returns the following output:

Author: ```suggestion

* If `com.mulesoft.dw.valueSelector.selectsAlwaysFirst` is set to `true`, the script returns the following output:
```

Author: need to restore ALL blank lines above initial bullets so that the doc renders correctly in HTML

Author: fixed formatting manually

  ]
}
----

//com.mulesoft.dw.stacksize//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.stacksize`|
Sets the maximum size of the stack. When a function recurses too deeply, DataWeave throws an error, such as `Stack Overflow. Max stack is 256.`

* Type: `Number`
* Default: `256`

//com.mulesoft.dw.xml.supportDTD//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.xml.supportDTD`|
Controls whether DTD handling is enabled or disabled. When this property is set to `false`, DataWeaves skips processing of both internal and external subsets. Note that the default for this property changed from `true` to `false` in Mule version 4.3.0-20210427, which includes the May, 2021 patch of DataWeave version 2.3.0.

* Type: `Boolean`
* Default: `false`

//com.mulesoft.dw.track.cursor.close//

> |`com.mulesoft.dw.track.cursor.close`|

Author: removed? is this intended? there was no warning that it could be removed.

Author: asked on channel

> Available for language levels: 2.3, 2.4

Author: ```suggestion

Available for language levels: 2.3, 2.4

```

Author: fixed formatting manually

> //com.mulesoft.dw.workingdirectory.base//

Author: ```suggestion

//com.mulesoft.dw.workingdirectory.base//
```

> Specifies the base directory in which temporary files will be written

Author: ```suggestion
Specifies the base directory in which to write temporary files.

```

Author: fixed in source

> * Default: `/var/folders/8f/5jqs1kh97k16dzsmxxph2m5c0000gp/T/`

Author: is this default correct for everyone?

Author: asked on channel

> //com.mulesoft.dw.workingdirectory.delete_sync//

Author: ```suggestion

//com.mulesoft.dw.workingdirectory.delete_sync//
```

Author: fixed formatting manually

> If set, file deletion is done synchronously

Author: ```suggestion
 File deletion is occurs synchronously when this property is set to `true`.
```

Author: added rewording to source

When set to `true`, tracks the stack trace from which the `CursorProvider#close()` method is called.
Use this property for troubleshooting, for example, if `CursorProvider#openCursor()` is called on a cursor that is already closed.

Available for language levels: 2.3, 2.4
//com.mulesoft.dw.workingdirectory.base//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.workingdirectory.base`|
Specifies the base directory in which temporary files will be written
* Type: `String`
* Default: `/var/folders/8f/5jqs1kh97k16dzsmxxph2m5c0000gp/T/`
//com.mulesoft.dw.workingdirectory.delete_sync//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.workingdirectory.delete_sync`|
If set, file deletion is done synchronously
* Type: `Boolean`
* Default: `false`

//com.mulesoft.dw.verbose//

> |`com.mulesoft.dw.verbose`|

Author: com.mulesoft.dw.verbose removed? is this intended? there was no warning that it could be removed.

Author: asked on channel

Author: Removed Feb 2021 in 2.4

Author: TODO: update 2.4 docs about removal

> //com.mulesoft.dw.workingdirectory.max_output_buffer_size//

Author: ```suggestion

//com.mulesoft.dw.workingdirectory.max_output_buffer_size//
```

Author: it's done

> If set, then each script generates tmp files in their own directory

Author: ```suggestion
When this property is set to `true`, each script generates `tmp` files in their own directory.
```

Author: Need more info. What are the tmp files for? When would one want them?

Author: and adding blank line above the initial bullet

Author: added to source

> When this property is set to `true`, DataWeaves honour mixed content structure instead of grouping text mixed content in a single text field.

Author: ```suggestion
When this property is set to `true`, DataWeave retains a mixed-content structure instead of grouping text with mixed content into a single text field.
```

Author: need to update source

Author: updated source

> Available for language levels: 2.4

Author: ```suggestion

Available for language levels: 2.4
```

Author: need blank line above the last bullet, or the text won't render properly in the HTML

Author: formatting fixed manually

> When this property is set to `true`, DataWeave parses a doctype declaration.

Author: ```suggestion
When this property is set to `true`, DataWeave parses a Doctype declaration.
```

Author: W3C spells it "Doctype" See in https://www.w3.org/QA/2002/04/valid-dtd-list.html

Author: added to master

> * Type: `Boolean`

Author: ```suggestion

* Type: `Boolean`
```

Author: formatting fixed manually

> Available for language levels: 2.5

Author: ```suggestion

Available for language levels: 2.5
```

> //mule.dw.remove_shadowed_implicit_inputs//

Author: ```suggestion

//mule.dw.remove_shadowed_implicit_inputs//
```

> When enabled, DataWeave will remove implicit inputs when a variable with the same name is declared at the root level.

Author: Changing bc we're enabling the property and not DataWeave itself.

> When enabled, DataWeave will remove implicit inputs when a variable with the same name is declared at the root level.

Author: ```suggestion
When this property is set to `true`, DataWeave removes implicit inputs if a variable with the same name is declared at the root level.
```

Author: Changed wording bc we're enabling the property, not DataWeave itself. I admit it's wordy.

Author: added to master

> * Type: `Boolean`

Author: ```suggestion

* Type: `Boolean`
```

}
----

Available for language levels: 2.3, 2.4

//com.mulesoft.dw.stacksize//

> |`com.mulesoft.dw.stacksize`|

Author: asked on channel if this should be removed. It's actually in the doc.

Sets the maximum size of the stack. When a function recurses too deeply, DataWeave throws an error, such as `Stack Overflow. Max stack is 256.`
//com.mulesoft.dw.workingdirectory.base//
|`com.mulesoft.dw.workingdirectory.base`|
Specifies the base directory in which to write temporary files.

* Type: `Number`
* Default: `256`

* Type: `String`
* Default: `/var/folders/8f/5jqs1kh97k16dzsmxxph2m5c0000gp/T/`

> //com.mulesoft.dw.xml.supportDTD//

Author: asked on channel
